14/8/
M0. Today is the day of reckoning 1000 points. 

M10 and +1000. I did it. Made some mistakes probably because was nervous. But body language, smile and talking all positive....

13/8
Really close to saying this stuff correctly. M3 after Su audio. What I need now is bonus 5000 ask Thai waitress goddess 
for language exchange or tutoring for money.

Now back to m0. Man talking to Thai wait will be suicide if I ask for language exchange. It's failed twice already...

12/8
M0 as expected. Maybe I increase Friday payoff to 1000 if it isn't already.

11/8
m0..... as expected. FUCK. After work do what...Walk around the city?

What other ideas for a game. Things that effect SE. Points. >?

Another idea. Squeeze. P events don't happen often. Maybe I get better at squeezing every drop of p from a tiny insignificant event.... Measurement can be in Xcel.. Event date. pts per day. Then eventually run out...

Today smile ... 

10/8
I have an idea. Investments versus payoff but this time with people. So A for example very high investment. Slight positive return. Dew. Solid investment. Extremely negative return. Thai waitress. Some positive investment. Slightly negative return.


Very depressed. I'm not really making much progress. I can easily make friends online but not irl.

3/8
Forgot my glasses again. Might try luck with A today.

Immediate smile: Positive
Talk: Positive:
Body positioning: Unknown (slightly positive or neutral) 

I said mee almond milk le bplaoo and she answered in Thai. When alone with her I just talked English and asked
How come you call me Josh. She looked down and smiled... not sure what to make of it.


Want to add to mtg debt:
Speaking Thai with other language exchange partners. 1 point for 1 person... It might make me braver.

31/7
Extremely depressed. It's Friday. But no success with anything.
Took a Zantac. Will try my luck with Anne today. Forgot my glasses.

M5
So went there
Anne
Talking: Good
Body positioning: ?? Neutral-Slightly better than neutral
Smile: Good

I didn't speak much Thai 5 points. I asked a question though but failed.